I'm Stephanie and it's the 21st of July 2019 and I'm up in the Ellen Valley visitor centre
and I'm talking to Jean. Jean, what are your memories of the 1969 moon landing?
Well, the thing I remember was that it was all very, very exciting and everybody was wondering
whether a baby would be born on that day. My son was a week overdue and I'd already started in
labour and I was like sitting there watching the moon landing wondering which thing was going to
happen first and in fact he wasn't born until the next day. But we met somebody a few years ago
who lived next door to us and that was all she remembered about living next door to us,
that we nearly had a baby born the day they landed on the moon and he's now of course 50
tomorrow. So he's having a party today. So that's really why I recorded it because it isn't particularly
exciting but it's just quite interesting of how excited everybody was at the time
because the papers were full of all these babies who were born on that day.
Do you remember anything about the fashion and the music at the time?
No, not really. I mean, I know miniskirts were in and there's a Mary Quant exhibition I think in
London but because I was very, very pregnant I wasn't really wearing a miniskirt.
So, Jean, that's brilliant. Thank you so much.
Thank you. Thanks very much.